I'll kill your dad today, what are you doing?
Don't call me dad
I don't have a son like you
Did you ever trust me?
When I was a child, I said I didn't steal it, but you don't believe me.
They beat me up for your distraction.
You didn't believe it in the cafeteria just now
Now, do you know him?
Can that photo be fake?
Old man, don't shoot small fish
Oh, everyone, come and see
The little beast in Lujialou is fighting
Are you Lu family?
Gotta get out of the way
Get off the road
I'm going to count the way out
all
Shut up!
For the sake of my parents
I gave you a chance.
Dare to sprinkle salt
Buy me the entire land war village
They must all move out today
Buy me Yun Zhongxian again, you're crazy
Dad, don't you believe me?
Don't you believe them?
I'm not just going to clean them up today
I want to buy another villa
Prove it to you
Blood in the Clouds
The most prosperous villa in Jiangcheng
Whoops, a poor guy like you can afford it?
It's hilarious
Pretending to make a phone call
I see what you pack after your favor is over.
Hey, everyone, hurry up!
Look at how embarrassed the Lu family is
Acquisition of Lujiacun to buy a villa
I'll go
Toad yawned
That's not bad.
Just
His fake army really thinks of itself as the richest man
Also protect Lujia Village
I have a good heart.
They are homeless and begging
I let the family grab leftovers with my dog
Hahahahaha
Listen to me
Lujiacun was acquired by me far away
All of you must run today